* Client that is mostly a browser opens a connection to the server and sends a request.
* The server processes the request and generates a response depending on the type of the request made.
* The request consists of a line indicating a method such as GET or POST, a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) indicating which resource is being requested, and an HTTP protocol version separated by spaces.


* ProcedureTo handle request:
1. AuthTrans (authorization translation):

	Verify any authorization information (such as name and password) sent in the request.

2. NameTrans (name translation):

	Translate the logical URI into a local file system path.

3. PathCheck (path checking):

	Check the local file system path for validity and check that the requestor has access privileges to the requested resource on the file 		system.

4. ObjectType (object typing):

	Determine the MIME-type (Multi-purpose Internet Mail Encoding) of the requested resource (for example, text/html, image/gif, and so on).

5. Input (prepare to read input):

	Select filters that will process incoming request data read by the Service step.

6. Output (prepare to send output):

	Select filters that will process outgoing response data generated by the Service step.

7. Service (generate the response):

	Generate and return the response to the client.

8. AddLog (adding log entries):

	Add entries to log file(s).

9. Error (service):

	This step is executed only if an error occurs in the previous steps. If an error occurs, the server logs an error message and aborts 		the process.
